[FLINK-13517][docs][hive] Restructure Hive Catalog documentation (#9308)
apache/flink: docs/dev/table/hive/read_write_hive.md

---
title: "Reading & Writing Hive Tables"
nav-parent_id: hive_tableapi
nav-pos: 2
---
<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

> Using the `HiveCatalog`, Flink read and write from Hive Tables as an alternative to Hive's batch engine. Be sure to follow the instructions to include the correct [dependencies]({{ site.baseurl }}/dev/table/hive/#depedencies) in your application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `HiveCatalog` and Flink's connector to Hive, Flink can read and write from Hive data as an alternative to Hive's batch engine. Be sure to follow the instructions to include the correct [dependencies]({{ site.baseurl }}/dev/table/hive/#depedencies) in your application. 
```
